README.md, before:

# YouTube Vanced black themed - Magisk Repo

This is the official magisk repo version of the Youtube Vanced project, more info in the [official thread on XDA](https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-youtube-vanced-edition-t3758757)
The version in this repo **ONLY supports arm/arm64/x86/x86_64 devices and minAPI21 systems**. There is also a [black themed variant](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo/iYTBP-Vanced-Magisk-Repo) of this version available.

### NOTE:
**Due to theme modification changes in recent Youtube Vanced build 01.17.10 (theme is in-app switchable now!) white stock and black themed variant repos are in sync which means they are the exact same version.
This will be again changed in a later update. If u want to use the black themed variant u can use this or the other module and switch the "dark" theme via Vanced "Layout Settings". The black themed variant
of the module will have the black theme turned on by default in the future but for now u have to switch it manually.**

**This repo gets always updated `AFTER` the official Apk variants are available/released so expect up-to-date delays**

Commit message:

Update to Youtube Vanced v13.11.57 Build 01.18.20 (minAPI21, nodpi, arm/arm64/x86/x86_64 libs)
NOTE:
-----
Due to theme modification changes since Youtube Vanced build 01.17.10 (theme is in-app switchable now!)
white and black mod themed variants are combined in one version and are provided in this repo.White stock
theme is used by default if u start the app the first time. If u want to use the black mod theme u can
switch to it via Vanced "Layout Settings". The dark stock themed variant of this module will have the
dark stock theme instead the black mod theme included.

README.md, after:

# YouTube Vanced black themed - Magisk Repo

This is the official magisk repo version of the Youtube Vanced project, more info in the [official thread on XDA](https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-youtube-vanced-edition-t3758757)
The version in this repo **ONLY supports arm/arm64/x86/x86_64 devices and minAPI21 systems**. There is also a [stock themed variant](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo/iYTBP-Vanced-Magisk-Repo) of this version available.

### NOTE:
**Due to theme modification changes since Youtube Vanced build 01.17.10 (theme is in-app switchable now!) white and black mod themed variants are combined in one version and are provided in this repo.
White stock theme is used by default if u start the app the first time. If u want to use the black mod theme u can switch to it via Vanced "Layout Settings". The dark stock themed variant of
this module will have the dark stock theme instead the black mod theme included**

**This repo gets always updated `AFTER` the official Apk variants are available/released so expect up-to-date delays**
